All right.
Welcome back.
In this lecture we're going to quickly summarize these smoke Chile case study.
So we did the revenues we did the expenses and we also did the startup costs here along with the timing.
Now where we can look at is we can put it all together and look at how much do we really need to ramp
up.
Right.
And the way we looked at that is similar to what we'd done before.
We have we lay out all of the sales here.
So we get the sales that's pull from the revenue.
Here's all the timing right.
We don't get sales until there's the grand opening here and then we looked at all this startup related
expenses here then we did all the operating expenses.
That's haul from the expense worksheet and then from there we can look at the net cash flow right in
a given month.
So we see we didn't when we do the cash flow we see that it takes a while before it turns positive.
Right.
And so one of the ways to look at what's called a break even.
Basically when do we start making more cash than we're spending right and have a net cash flow that's
positive that's when you break even.
And the way you do that is we can do this simple formula.
We're we check the captain net cash flow and we check this condition that says In okay and means both
conditions need to be true and the conditions that need to be true is if this is less than zero.
And this is greater than zero.
So we basically say if if in the previous month we had a negative cash flow and then the current month
is positive cash flow then make the sell equal to the month otherwise show a blank.
Okay.
So what that does is it's going to be a blank until the month where it starts to turn around.
We'll see right around there.
Right.
When it turns out was negative and then positive.
So that's when it starts to break even.
Right.
So that means that month and then I made it equal to the maximum value in that row because everything's
either nothing or that month that were it breaks even.
It tells me the break even month and then when we look that the cumulative cash position right where
we just looked at what's the most cash that we'd need you know given these assumptions and when we do
that we find that peaks out at seven hundred and sixty one thousand.
Right.
And then once it kind of breaks even we're able to maintain and slowly make money after that so in this
case the max cash deficit is a little over 760000.
We're going to go back to the start of worksheet pull that cash here.
We're going to do that 10 percent contingency again and then that give us our total capital or investment
need to start and run this restaurant.
Right.
So here all this startup costs but then because you need a ramp up to ramp up your sales you need working
capital to pay for the labor pay for rent pay for all those things until you break even.
Which in this case is about 13 months.
So the total investment with a little bit of cushion that we added 10 percent a cushion is going to
be a hundred and just under and 40000 here.